hello everyone today we will cook
cold beetroot soup for his
cooking we need from boiled
medium sized beets boiled
hard-boiled eggs a little sausage boiled
a couple of fresh cucumbers
scallions and dill is not a big clove
garlic whey sour cream salt and black
ground pepper
grate beets on a coarse grater
sausage eggs cut into small
dice one egg reserve for
decorations
we cut cucumbers into strips
add to the cut product
crushed garlic clove salt everything
This thing we pepper to taste
pour the serum and give the soup
brew for about 15 minutes
until the soup is infused we will grind
greenery
fifteen minutes later when the soup is good
infuse and give a beautiful rich
color you can bring it to the table
I love beetroot thick if you want
thinner then add more serum
put soup in a plate on top
egg lay add the greens chopped up
a kind spoonful of sour cream and I hope
that you will enjoy such a pleasant soup
appetite and bye bye